# Introduction
This Githyb repository host the code and details of low cost infrasound wave sensor. Infrasound waves, is a type sound wave with frquencies that are below the human audabel threshold, these waves have frequencies below 20Hz and can travel long distances. This types of waves have natural sources, such as: volcanix eruptiosn and earthiquakes. sone animals like elephants  and whales use ifnrasound waves to communicate over long distaces. Some artificila soruces for infrasound waves are nuclear and quemical explosions as weell as some machines like diesel engines and wind turbanies. Woofers and subwoofers can produce low-frequency sound, including near infrasound. For this experiment we use an speaker with a woofer to create low frequency sounds. Our sensor is able to detect this the pressure filed created by this low frequency  waves. 

This type of sensor has been used before 

# Design 
1. 9V Battery power 
2. SDP810-125 differential pressure 
3. BMP390 barometric pressure sensor 
4. Xbee shield 
5. SD card storage 
6. GPS module 
7. 3D printed case and ports 


# Implementation 
Wired things together 

# General Testing 
tested with simple pulses generated by acoustic source. Also attempted to test with a song, but SDP810-25 sampling was too coarse to appropriately reconstruct high frequency signal of human range. More ideal test would be to use a very low chirped source at constant frequency with known perturbation and timing. 

# Aplication 
balloon-based infrasound detection. can be attached to a free floating balloon to detect infrasound induced by earthquakes, volcanic events, chemical blasts, or other low frequency, high energy events. Ideally could deploy several of these devices to better understand the air column between detectors. Also allows for source localization. Potentially very useful in planetary exploration of heavy atmospheric bodies like Venus. Could detect transmitted P-wave energy (strong coupling) to use for seismic experiments. With several such devices, might be possible to perform SI and thus tomographic imaging of the near surface and air column using ambient infrasound. 

# Discussion 
Sensirion sucks. 

# Future Work
New differential pressure sensor. Test with 2 barometric sensors and see if they can be calibrated against each other to act as a differential pressure sensor. Test with some better sources. Deploy on CU balloon. 
